README.md, before:

# 🎅✨ Hack the Holidays! 🎄🎁  

---
## **🎄 Hack the Holidays: Submission Details**  

### **Deployment**  

<!-- Add deployment steps here -->

The project is deployed and can be accessed at:  
**https://mikael-johnsson.github.io/team3-dec-hackathon/**  

---

### **Criteria**  
In this section, we will briefly discuss how our team addressed the applicable criteria:  
- 🎁 **The project fits the theme of celebrating the holidays.**  
    - This project is based on the popular advent calendars which appear around Christmas time, usually filled with chocolate! (Unfortunately there is no chocolate in this one)
- 🎁 **The project is well planned and executed (Using GitHub Projects/Kanban).**  
    - Issues were created for tasks that needed to be done and assigned to contributors. The project board can be found [here](https://github.com/users/mikael-johnsson/projects/9/views/1)
- 🎁 **The project has a basic README that follows the provided template.**  
- 🎁 **The project has an overall sense of completeness.**  
- 🎁 **The project showcases a strong sense of creativity and originality.**  

---

## **🎅 About the Submission**  

### **Intro**  
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of our project.  
This could include how our project embodies the **Hack the Holidays** spirit and what makes it unique.  

---

### **Goal**  
The **Goal** section provides a concise summary of the main objective or purpose of the project described in this README. It addresses the following aspects:  

- 🎄 **Problem Statement:** A brief description of the holiday-related issue or gap our project aims to address.  
- 🎄 **Objective(s):** What does our project set out to achieve?  
- 🎄 **Target Audience:** Who will benefit from this project?  
- 🎄 **Benefits:** How will this project make the holidays brighter, more inclusive, or more joyful?  

---

## **💻 Tech Stack**  
In the **Tech** section, we provide information about the technology stack, dependencies, and any technical details related to the project.  
For example:  
- Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript  
- Backend: Python, Flask  
- Database: PostgreSQL  
- Version Control: Git & GitHub  
- Deployment: [Insert Deployment Platform, e.g., Heroku, Netlify, etc.]  

---

## **🌟 Credits**  
In the **Credits** section, we acknowledge the resources, tools, or inspirations used in this project, such as:  
- Any tutorials or articles referenced  
- Any open-source libraries or frameworks  
- Any special mentions for contributors, teammates, or mentors  

---

Commit message:

docs: update project tech stack

README.md, after:

# 🎅✨ Hack the Holidays! 🎄🎁  

---
## **🎄 Hack the Holidays: Submission Details**  

### **Deployment**  

<!-- Add deployment steps here -->

The project is deployed and can be accessed at:  
**https://mikael-johnsson.github.io/team3-dec-hackathon/**  

---

### **Criteria**  
In this section, we will briefly discuss how our team addressed the applicable criteria:  
- 🎁 **The project fits the theme of celebrating the holidays.**  
    - This project is based on the popular advent calendars which appear around Christmas time, usually filled with chocolate! (Unfortunately there is no chocolate in this one)
- 🎁 **The project is well planned and executed (Using GitHub Projects/Kanban).**  
    - Issues were created for tasks that needed to be done and assigned to contributors. The project board can be found [here](https://github.com/users/mikael-johnsson/projects/9/views/1)
- 🎁 **The project has a basic README that follows the provided template.**  
- 🎁 **The project has an overall sense of completeness.**  
- 🎁 **The project showcases a strong sense of creativity and originality.**  

---

## **🎅 About the Submission**  

### **Intro**  
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of our project.  
This could include how our project embodies the **Hack the Holidays** spirit and what makes it unique.  

---

### **Goal**  
The **Goal** section provides a concise summary of the main objective or purpose of the project described in this README. It addresses the following aspects:  

- 🎄 **Problem Statement:** A brief description of the holiday-related issue or gap our project aims to address.  
- 🎄 **Objective(s):** What does our project set out to achieve?  
- 🎄 **Target Audience:** Who will benefit from this project?  
- 🎄 **Benefits:** How will this project make the holidays brighter, more inclusive, or more joyful?  

---

## **💻 Tech Stack**  

[Project name here] is a front-end project created using **HTML**, **CSS** and **JavaScript**. The front-end framework **Bootstrap** was also used to create the 'doors' on the advent calendar. Version control was done using **Git** and *GitHub*. The final project was deployed also on **GitHub**. 

---

## **🌟 Credits**  
In the **Credits** section, we acknowledge the resources, tools, or inspirations used in this project, such as:  
- Any tutorials or articles referenced  
- Any open-source libraries or frameworks  
- Any special mentions for contributors, teammates, or mentors  

---
